Data Dictionary - Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Dataset

Subject - Identifies the subject of either the test or training data.  Contains
a number 1 through 30

Activity - Identifies the activity that was performed.  Either walking, walking
upstairs, walking downstairs, laying, sitting, or standing

Time Domain Variables:

The following variables were all taken from the accelerometer and gyroscope 
3-axial raw signals. These time domain signals (prefix 't' to denote time) were 
captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz. Then they were filtered using a median 
filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 
20 Hz to remove noise. Similarly, the acceleration signal was then separated 
into body and gravity acceleration signals (tBodyAcc-XYZ and tGravityAcc-XYZ) 
using another low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 0.3 Hz. 

These variables represent the average of these signals that were taken for each 
subject and activity.

tbodyaccmeanx - the mean of the body linear acceleration of the x axis

tbodyaccmeany - the mean of the body linear acceleration of the y axis

tbodyaccmeanz - the mean of the body linear acceleration of the z axis

tbodyaccstdx - the standard deviation of the body linear acceleration of the x
axis 

tbodyaccstdy - the standard deviation of the body linear acceleration of the y
axis 

tbodyaccstdz - the standard deviation of the body linear acceleration of the z
axis 

tgravityaccmeanx - the mean of the gravity acceleration of the x axis

tgravityaccmeany - the mean of the gravity acceleration of the y axis

tgravityaccmeanz - the mean of the gravity acceleration of the z axis

tgravityaccstdx - the standard deviation  of the gravity acceleration of the x 
axis

tgravityaccstdy - the standard deviation of the gravity acceleration of the y 
axis
tgravityaccstdz - the standard deviation of the gravity acceleration of the z 
axis

tbodyaccjerkmeanx - the mean of the body linear acceleration and angular 
velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the x axis

tbodyaccjerkmeany - the mean of the body linear acceleration and angular 
velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the y axis

tbodyaccjerkmeanz - the mean of the body linear acceleration and angular 
velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the z axis

tbodyaccjerkstdx - the standard deviation of the body linear acceleration and 
angular velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the x axis

tbodyaccjerkstdy - the standard deviation of the body linear acceleration and 
angular velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the y axis

tbodyaccjerkstdz - the standard deviation of the body linear acceleration and 
angular velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the z axis

tbodygyromeanx - the mean of the gyroscope reading of the x axis

tbodygyromeany - the mean of the gyroscope reading of the y axis

tbodygyromeanz - the mean of the gyroscope reading of the z axis

tbodygyrostdx - the standard deviation of the gyroscope reading of the x axis

tbodygyrostdy - the standard deviation of the gyroscope reading of the y axis

tbodygyrostdz - the standard deviation of the gyroscope reading of the z axis

tbodygyrojerkmeanx - the mean of the gyroscope reading and angular velocity
that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the x axis

tbodygyrojerkmeany - the mean of the gyroscope reading and angular velocity
that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the y axis

tbodygyrojerkmeanz - the mean of the gyroscope reading and angular velocity
that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the z axis

tbodygyrojerkstdx - the standard deviation of the gyroscope reading and angular 
velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the x axis

tbodygyrojerkstdy - the standard deviation of the gyroscope reading and angular 
velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the y axis

tbodygyrojerkstdz - the standard deviation of the gyroscope reading and angular 
velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the z axis

tbodyaccmagmean - the mean of the magnitude of the body linear acceleration 
of the three axes that were calculated using the Euclidean norm

tbodyaccmagstd - the standard deviation of the magnitude of the body linear
acceleration of the three axes that were calculated using the Euclidean norm

tgravityaccmagmean - the mean of the magnitude of the gravity acceleration of 
the three axes that were calculated using the Euclidean norm

tgravityaccmagstd - the standard deviation of the magnitude of the gravity
acceleration of the three axes that were calculated using the Euclidean norm

tbodyaccjerkmagmean - the mean of the magnitude of the body linear acceleration 
and angular velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the 
three axes

tbodyaccjerkmagstd - the standard deviation of the magnitude of the body linear 
acceleration and angular velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk 
signal for the three axes

tbodygyromagmean - the mean of the magnitude of the gyroscope reading of the 
three axes

tbodygyromagstd - the standard deviation of the magnitude of the gyroscope
reading of the three axes

tbodygyrojerkmagmean - the mean of the magnitude of the gyroscope reading and 
angular velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal for the 
three axes

tbodygyrojerkmagstd - the standard deviation of the magnitude of the gyroscope 
reading and angular velocity that was derived in time to obtain a Jerk signal 
for the three axes

Fast Fourier Transform Variables:

These variables represent the average of these signals that were taken for each 
subject and activity.  The variables below correspond to their t-equivalent 
variables above, the only difference being that these signals had a Fast
Fourier Transform applied to them.


fbodyaccmeanx 
fbodyaccmeany 
fbodyaccmeanz 
fbodyaccstdx 
fbodyaccstdy 
fbodyaccstdz 
fbodyaccmeanfreqx 
fbodyaccmeanfreqy 
fbodyaccmeanfreqz 
fbodyaccjerkmeanx 
fbodyaccjerkmeany 
fbodyaccjerkmeanz 
fbodyaccjerkstdx 
fbodyaccjerkstdy 
fbodyaccjerkstdz 
fbodyaccjerkmeanfreqx 
fbodyaccjerkmeanfreqy 
fbodyaccjerkmeanfreqz 
fbodygyromeanx 
fbodygyromeany 
fbodygyromeanz 
fbodygyrostdx 
fbodygyrostdy 
fbodygyrostdz 
fbodygyromeanfreqx 
fbodygyromeanfreqy 
fbodygyromeanfreqz 
fbodyaccmagmean 
fbodyaccmagstd 
fbodyaccmagmeanfreq 
fbodybodyaccjerkmagmean 
fbodybodyaccjerkmagstd 
fbodybodyaccjerkmagmeanfreq 
fbodybodygyromagmean 
fbodybodygyromagstd 
fbodybodygyromagmeanfreq 
fbodybodygyrojerkmagmean 
fbodybodygyrojerkmagstd 
fbodybodygyrojerkmagmeanfreq 
angletbodyaccmeangravity 
angletbodyaccjerkmeangravitymean 
angletbodygyromeangravitymean 
angletbodygyrojerkmeangravitymean 
anglexgravitymean 
angleygravitymean 
anglezgravitymean